Boundary Docs: Configure workers refactor (#3077)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/partials/workers/multi-hop-concepts.mdx

Multi-hop capabilities, including multi-hop sessions and Vault private access,
is when a session or Vault credential request goes through more than one worker.

> To enable this, you must connect two or more workers to each other in some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable multi-hop capabilities, you must connect two or more workers to each other in some
```

configuration. There are no limits on the number of workers allowed in a
multi-hop session configuration.

It helps to think of “upstream” and “downstream” nodes in the context of
multi-hop. If you view controllers as the “top” node of a multi-hop chain, any
worker connected to a node is "downstream" of that node. The node that any
particular worker connects to (whether another worker or a controller) is the

> "upstream" of that node. For example, in the diagram below, Worker 2’s upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
worker connected to a node is "downstream" of that node. The worker or controller that a node
connects to is the
"upstream" of that node. For example, in the diagram below, Worker 2’s upstream
```

Reviewer: To avoid using parentheses per our standards.
